== README


== Steps necessary to get the application up and running.

* Download the source code, then in the command prompt/IDE, change directory to Simple-CMS.

* Proceed and run <tt>rake db:create</tt> once to create your db tables.

* Run <tt>rake db:migrate</tt> to run your migrations.

* Run <tt>bundle install</tt> just to install all the dependencies needed for the app to run.

* Run <tt>rails s</tt> to start the server.

* Go to your browser then type <tt>localhost:3000/admin</tt> to get to the admin page of the Simple-CMS
	* Username: Olaoluwa123
	* Password: testpassword
	
	*Note: When you login, you have the ability to create new users/previlledges for other persons to be able to manage the CMS as admin.
	
* To see the Frontend (i.e. the part the public will see) of the Application, type <tt>localhost:3000</tt> into your broswer and enter.

== Errors you are likely to see
1. This error could be as a result of changing/hashing out my secret keys in https://github.com/AfolabiOlaoluwa/Simple-CMS/blob/master/config/secrets.yml
	Note: To fix this you might wanna create your own Rails app, and copy the resource code to all neccesary folders, but leave out your 				own <tt>secrets.yml</tt> file. Then, go through the steps above.

== Application DEMO
 --Coming soon, just few moments to host it live--

== Consult this URL for RoR Guides  http://guides.rubyonrails.org/

== Bugs or Glitches
I can say this is still a work to collaborate on just to help Newbies into Ruby on Rails as a Training material, mostly to learn Rails CRUD. I belive we can make this better and better and am calling for collaborations on this project.
